hi I'm tinnies many vole design and this
is my do it yourself velomobile I showed
you some video just driving around the
door yet so today I thought I'd show you
the few of the finer points of it and
maybe get a shot of it going down the
road up in some kind of speed maybe up
to like 15 miles an hour or something I
don't want to go to finish yet I don't
know what's going to fall off of this so
let me take camera tripod and show you
the inside and get a new mirror and
speedometer okay first off I needed a
rearview mirror so i made this one out
of styrofoam and duct tape and it works
fantastic i got it hide them up around
quite a while to get it in just the
right place but huh it came out really
well now i also put up spino banner on
it and can see so that's pretty cool and
there's a crank cage and I'm gonna get
into this for a minute with the camera
and see if I can't pick up some images
of what it looks like from the inside
but i'm not sure that the camera will
allow me d it's not that wide angle i
don't think but i'll give it it first
off for those of you that wonder how i
get into it you don't really get into it
so much as you put it on its it's not
easy again except over here step over
there and then sit down it's quite
comfortable once you're inside pull
control stick back and then pull this
down there now I'm inside so now I'll
bring the camera in with me and show you
what it looks like in here
okay here's my stick and I'm gonna close
the canopy which is kind of cool ok now
we're inside and my crack cage ya see
what my rearview mirror looks like cool
huh that works really well I need to
clean it but it works great and this is
what the view looks like on the outside
this year is called Fred Flintstone
reverse I got that off of a website
okay there's really a lot more to see
any half day lighting I'm just gonna do
a 360 of the camera if it focuses it
focuses okay you can see the interior
and this isn't finished yet he has my
ugly mug which is probably too close to
focus his back has a portal I pick up
back around yeah now next I'll take the
camera out set on the road and I'll do a
drive-by so you can see what it looks
like moving down chili Mike oh I want to
show you my cluster to his mic is my
brake lever and grip spice speedometer
and then over here I've got my shifter
yeah well you can see it enough it shows
me one grand man I can't really see real
well from where I am but i'll figure
that out later and i showed you the
crank cage as a good quick let's deal
with grant cage that's pretty cool okay
i'll set the camera up all by the road
and do a roll by so you can see what
looks like going down the road i did my
first speed test today cautious speed
test on a daily bumpy road with the Sun
in my eyes and I get up to 25 that's uh
I think that's a personal best and I
wasn't pushing at that had I didn't feel
all that good and the road wasn't very
good and I still did 25 I think if it
had been a smooth hot top road and I've
done a little bit of shape I could have
broke 30 easy ok let's go up to
you